
https://www.aachener-nachrichten.de/        Aachener Nachrichten
https://www.abendzeitung-muenchen.de/       Abendzeitung (München)
https://www.all-in.de/                      Allgäuer Zeitung
https://www.augsburger-allgemeine.de/       Augsburger Allgemeine
https://www.azonline.de/                    Allgemeine Zeitung
https://www.badische-zeitung.de/            Badische Zeitung
https://www.berliner-zeitung.de/            Berliner Zeitung
https://www.berliner-kurier.de/             Berliner Kurier
https://bnn.de/                             Badische Neueste Nachrichten
https://www.bz-berlin.de/                   B.Z.
https://www.das-parlament.de/               Das Parlament
https://www.donaukurier.de/                 Donaukurier
# https://www.eberbacher-zeitung.de/          Eberbacher Zeitung
https://www.echo-online.de/                 Darmstädter Echo
https://www.freiepresse.de/chemnitz         Freie Presse
https://www.focus.de/                       Focus
https://www.general-anzeiger-bonn.de/       General-Anzeiger
https://www.goettinger-tageblatt.de/        Göttinger Tageblatt
https://www.heise.de/                       Heise
https://www.idowa.de/landshut               Landshuter Zeitung
https://www.infranken.de/                   Fränkischer Tag
https://www.kn-online.de/                   Kieler Nachrichten
https://www.kreiszeitung.de/                Kreiszeitung
https://www.ln-online.de/                   Lübecker Nachrichten
https://www.lr-online.de/                   Lausitzer Rundschau
https://www.lvz.de/                         Leipziger Volkszeitung
https://www.main-echo.de/                   Main-Echo
https://www.mainpost.de/                    Main-Post
https://www.maz-online.de/                  Märkische Allgemeine
https://www.medical-tribune.de/             Medical Tribune
https://www.merkur.de/                      Münchner Merkur
https://www.mittelbayerische.de/            Mittelbayerische Zeitung
https://www.morgenweb.de/                   Mannheimer Morgen
https://www.moz.de/                         Märkische Oderzeitung
https://www.muensterschezeitung.de/         Münstersche Zeitung
https://www.neuepresse.de/                  Neue Presse
https://www.nordbayern.de/                  Nürnberger Nachrichten
https://www.nordkurier.de/                  Nordkurier
https://www.noz.de/                         Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung
https://www.nw.de/                          Neue Westfälische
https://www.nwzonline.de/                   Nordwest-Zeitung
https://www.onetz.de/                       Der neue Tag
https://www.ostsee-zeitung.de/              Ostsee-Zeitung
https://www.ovb-online.de/                  Oberbayerisches Volksblatt
https://www.rhein-zeitung.de/               Rhein-Zeitung
https://www.rheinpfalz.de/                  Die Rheinpfalz
https://www.rnz.de/                         Rhein-Neckar-Zeitung
https://www.saarbruecker-zeitung.de/        Saarbrücker Zeitung
https://www.saechsische.de/                 Sächsische Zeitung
https://www.schwaebische.de/                Schwäbische Zeitung
https://www.schwarzwaelder-bote.de/         Schwarzwälder Bote
https://spiegel.de/                         Spiegel
https://www.stimme.de/                      Heilbronner Stimme
https://www.stuttgarter-nachrichten.de/     Stuttgarter Nachrichten
https://www.stuttgarter-zeitung.de/         Stuttgarter Zeitung
https://www.suedkurier.de/                  Südkurier
https://www.svz.de/                         Schweriner Volkszeitung
https://www.swp.de/                         Südwest Presse
https://www.tagesspiegel.de/                Der Tagesspiegel
https://www.tz.de/                          tz
https://www.volksfreund.de/                 Trierischer Volksfreund
https://www.volksstimme.de/                 Volksstimme
https://www.westfalen-blatt.de/             Westfalen-Blatt
https://www.wiesbadener-kurier.de/          Wiesbadener Kurier
https://www.wz.de/                          WZ Westdeutsche Zeitung
